README.md, before:

# SISBID 2016: All Modules

Welcome to the SISBID 2016 course repository. Each of the five modules have been organized and grouped within this repository. 

## Information for Downloading Course Material
To obtain all the course material, we have multiple options.

1. Use the 'Clone or download' button on the Github webpage for the repo.
![alt text](clone.png "Cloning a Repo, Downloading Material")
2. In terminal/command line run the following command to clone the repo
```shell
git clone https://github.com/SISBID/SISBID-All-Modules.git
```

## Information for Downloading Last Year's Course Material
All the course material on this repo includes the material used for last year. For downloading material from last year we use `tags` or `release version`. The material can be obtained as follows:

On the main page of the repo, above the list of directories, follow the link to `releases`.

* To view details of the tag or release version click the `...` icon next to the tag name.
* To


## Information for Instructors 
Instructors are recommended to clone the repository instead of downloading all files as a .zip file. This will import all tags and repo history.

To add tags (release version in Github) we require the following: 
```shell
# Create a tag for a specific commit
# We do not require the full SHA here
git tag [tagname] [commit SHA]

# Pushing tags to Github will require adding an option to the `push` command
git push --tags
```

#### For questions/comment about repo maintenance contact
Asad Haris (aharis@uw.edu)

Dept. of Biostatistics

University of Washington

Commit message:

Updates readme file with more instructions

README.md, after:

# SISBID 2016: All Modules

Welcome to the SISBID 2016 course repository. Each of the five modules have been organized and grouped within this repository. 

## Information for Downloading Course Material
To obtain all the course material, we have multiple options.

1. Use the 'Clone or download' button on the Github webpage for the repo.
![alt text](clone.png "Cloning a Repo, Downloading Material")
2. In terminal/command line run the following command to clone the repo
```shell
git clone https://github.com/SISBID/SISBID-All-Modules.git
```

## Information for Downloading Last Year's Course Material
All the course material on this repo includes the material used for last year. For downloading material from last year we use `tags` or `release version`. The material can be obtained as follows:

* On the main page of the repo, above the list of directories, follow the link to `releases`.
![alt text](release.png "View tags, Release version")

* To view details of the tag or release version click the `...` icon next to the tag name.
![alt text](threeDots.png "View tag description")

* To download course material from specific tag use the "zip" or "tar.gz" buttons.
![alt text](downloadTag.png "Download material from version/tag")

* To view details of the commit associated with the tag click the commit icon and to view repo history at point in time of the tag click the "Browse Files" icon.
![alt text](tagHistory1.png "View commit details for tag")
![alt text](tagHistory2.png "View repo at the point in time of the tag")

* (**For Instructors**) To view repo for a previous version using tags we can simply use the `checkout` command.
```shell
# View the list of tags
git tag -l

# Go back in history to check previous version
git checkout [tag name]

# E.g. To checkout to last year's version of Module 1
git checkout Module_1_15_DataWrangling
```


## Information for Instructors 
Instructors are recommended to clone the repository instead of downloading all files as a .zip file. This will import all tags and repo history.

To add tags (release version in Github) we require the following: 
```shell
# Create a tag for a specific commit
# We do not require the full SHA here
git tag [tagname] [commit SHA]

# Pushing tags to Github will require adding an option to the `push` command
git push --tags
```

#### For questions/comment about repo maintenance contact
Asad Haris (aharis@uw.edu)

Dept. of Biostatistics

University of Washington
